Call for Participation

The 7th International Symposium on Visual Information Communication and Interaction (VINCI14) will be held on August 5-8 in Sydney, Australia. VINCI14 aims to provide an international forum for researchers and industrial practitioners to discuss the state of the art in visual communication theories, designs, and applications.


1. Papers and Posters

Authors are invited to submit original and unpublished research and practical applications in all areas of visual communication and interaction. Suggested topics include, but are not limited to:

Area 1: Visualization methodologies

Information visualization
Graph drawing and visualization
Cognitive aspects of visual information comprehension
Visual metaphors and symbols
Usability or empirical study of new visual metaphors
Design theory in the digital age
Aesthetics in visual communication and digital media
Interaction methods (touch-based, haptic, vision-based, multi-modality
Big Data
Visual languages
Diagrams
Art + Science

Area 2: Visualization applications

Visual Analytics
Sketching
Graphical user interface design
Software visualization
Visual approaches to knowledge discovery
Visualization on mobile devices
Animation
Game design
Biological visualizations

Area 3: Visual design and art

Interaction design
Interactive art
Infographie and data-driven art
Visual perception and cognition
Multimedia
Virtual actors
Interactive storytelling
Augmented reality and its applications
Virtual reality and its applications
Computational (or digital) aesthetics
Wearable computers
Ubiquitous / responsive environments
Entertainment technology

Papers can be submitted as long papers, short papers and posters. All accepted papers, including workshop papers, will be published by ACM Press and made available in the ACM Digital Library, as has been the case in previous years. Like VINCI 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013 papers, accepted 2014 papers will be EI-indexed. High number of selected papers will be published in special issues of appropriate journals including the International Journal of Software Engineering and Knowledge Engineering (IJSEKE) and International Journal of Software and Informatics (IJSI). 


2. Workshops and Tutorials

VINCI14 is also soliciting proposals for full-day and half-day workshops and tutorials on topics that address areas of interest to the community. Workshops and tutorials will be held on August 5, 2014.  Proposals should be a maximum of 2 pages and should include:

Outline of the topic 
A proposed agenda 
A brief bio of the convenors
A list of any requirements for running the workshop or tutorial, such as access to computer labs, data projectors, group work-tables.

Proposals, and any queries, should be sent by email to: vinci2014@easychair.org


3. Important Dates:

Workshop proposals: March 25, 2014.
Tutorial proposals: March 25, 2014
Long papers: April 8, 2014
Short papers: April 8, 2014
Posters: May 20, 2014



--
VINCI14 Organizing committee
August 5-8, 2014, Sydney Australia
Email: info@vinci-conf.org
Web: http://www.vinci-conf.org/